Integrate ansible-creator and devtools into the developing collections guide (#1302)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/dev_guide/developing_collections_creating.rst

.. _creating_collection_skeletons:

> Creating a collection using the ansible-creator tool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creating collections with ansible-creator
```

====================================================

> The `ansible-creator <https://github.com/ansible/ansible-creator/>`_ tool is designed for effortlessly scaffolding your Ansible content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ansible-creator <https://github.com/ansible/ansible-creator/>`_ is designed to quickly scaffold an Ansible collection project.
```

> After `installing <https://ansible.readthedocs.io/projects/creator/installing/#installation>`_ ``ansible-creator`` you have two options to interact with it to create a foundational structure for the project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After `installing <https://ansible.readthedocs.io/projects/creator/installing/#installation>`_ ``ansible-creator`` you can initialize a project in one of the following ways:
```

Reviewer: This just seems a bit less wordy to me tbh.

Reviewer 2: Yes, and an important point - Longer sentences are harder to understand, especially for those for whom English is not their native language.  Also worth mentioning that avoiding 'it' is also a good thing, to avoid possible confusion on what 'it' is referring to.

> 

Reviewer: You might also mention ADT at this point, which is an alternative to installing ansible-creator as a standalone. ADT is a curated package that includes creator so it's worth pointing that out at a high-level.

Author: Is it really needed to mention ADT here? The first thing is a recommendation of ADT in the installation guide which I linked.

Reviewer: Well, maybe not but it might make sense to point it out while users are installing things. Like if you install `ansible-creator` then find out later on that installing ADT gets you `ansible-creator` plus a bundle of other useful tools it might be slightly annoying.

Reviewer 2: We should decide whether we want the focus on ADT (and VSCode) or (standalone) ansible-creator. Both have detailed information we don't want to repeat here, but if we want the focus on ADT, we can point directly to the ADT docs and skip the ansible-creator docs.

Reviewer: I think the focus should be on `ansible-creator` but it's worth pointing out that it is available as part of the ADT bundle.

Author: @oraNod @samccann So, do I need to make changes here, or is the PR ready on my side?

Reviewer: @xszabo3 I would suggest making the changes recommended here: https://github.com/ansible/ansible-documentation/pull/1302/files#r1583249655

> * Follow the `CLI instructions <https://ansible.readthedocs.io/projects/creator/installing/#initialize-ansible-collection-init-subcommand>`_.

Reviewer: I would prefer to see a reference to the `init` command rather than "CLI instructions".

> * To interact with the GUI, `setup <https://ansible.readthedocs.io/projects/creator/collection_creation/#step-1-installing-ansible-creator-in-the-environment>`_ Visual Studio Code and the Ansible extension, then follow the `GUI instructions <https://ansible.readthedocs.io/projects/creator/collection_creation/#step-2-initializing-collection-by-filling-an-interactive-form>`_.

Reviewer: Maybe something like: "Open VSCode in the project where you installed ``ansible-creator`` and then follow the instructions in the Ansible extension."

> .. _creating_collection_skeletons:

Reviewer 3: This reference doesn't correspond to the title. Also, I wouldn't stick ADT in from of the collection template section. It's probably less controversial to put it after that section.

Creating collections with ansible-creator
=========================================

`ansible-creator <https://github.com/ansible/ansible-creator/>`_ is designed to quickly scaffold an Ansible collection project.

.. note::

>    Installing ansible-creator using the `Ansible Development Tools <https://github.com/ansible/ansible-dev-tools>`_ package is recommended.

Reviewer 2: This is passive tense, which we should avoid (even though it was likely written this way elsewhere).

Something like 
"We recommend you install ansible-creator through the 'Ansible Development Tools...'

>    We recommend you install ``ansible-creator`` through the `Ansible Development Tools <https://github.com/ansible/ansible-dev-tools>`_ package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The `Ansible Development Tools <https://github.com/ansible/ansible-dev-tools>`_ package offers a convenient way to install ``ansible-creator`` along with a curated set of tools for developing automation content.
```

After `installing <https://ansible.readthedocs.io/projects/creator/installing/#installation>`_ ``ansible-creator`` you can initialize a project in one of the following ways:

* Use the `init <https://ansible.readthedocs.io/projects/creator/installing/#initialize-ansible-collection-init-subcommand>`_ subcommand.

> * To interact with the GUI, `setup <https://ansible.readthedocs.io/projects/creator/collection_creation/#step-1-installing-ansible-creator-in-the-environment>`_ Visual Studio Code and the Ansible extension, then open VS Code in an environment/project where you installed ``ansible-creator`` and then follow the instructions in the Ansible extension.

Reviewer 2: A few too many 'thens.' Rather than try to cover it all, I'd suggest just pointing to the vscode setup.  
Also, for bullet lists, as @oraNod mentioned (I think in a different PR?) we want to use parallelism... that is, each bullet item should start the same way, and usually something active. So the first one is 'Use the 'init'...'  That suggests the second one should similarly start with a verb.  It could be 'Use `ansible-creator` within Visual Studio Code and the Ansible extension.'  And then make that the link you use above.

   The default collection skeleton uses an internal filter ``comment_ify`` that isn't accessibly to ``--collection-skeleton``. Use ``ansible-doc -t filter|test --list`` to see available plugins.

.. _creating_collection_with_ansible-creator:

Creating collections with ansible-creator
=========================================

> `ansible-creator <https://github.com/ansible/ansible-creator/>`_ is designed to quickly scaffold an Ansible collection project.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
`ansible-creator <https://github.com/ansible/ansible-creator/>`_ is designed to quickly scaffold an Ansible collection project.
```
How about referring to the docsite https://ansible.readthedocs.io/projects/creator/ instead of GH repo?

.. note::

>    The `Ansible Development Tools <https://github.com/ansible/ansible-dev-tools>`_ package offers a convenient way to install ``ansible-creator`` along with a curated set of tools for developing automation content.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
   The `Ansible Development Tools <https://github.com/ansible/ansible-dev-tools>`_ package offers a convenient way to install ``ansible-creator`` along with a curated set of tools for developing automation content.
```
Here too, how about referring to the docsite https://ansible.readthedocs.io/projects/dev-tools/ ?

After `installing <https://ansible.readthedocs.io/projects/creator/installing/#installation>`_ ``ansible-creator`` you can initialize a project in one of the following ways:

* Use the `init <https://ansible.readthedocs.io/projects/creator/installing/#initialize-ansible-collection-init-subcommand>`_ subcommand.
* Use ``ansible-creator`` with the `Ansible extension <https://ansible.readthedocs.io/projects/creator/collection_creation/#step-1-installing-ansible-creator-in-the-environment>`_ in Visual Studio Code.

.. seealso::

   :ref:`collections`
       Learn how to install and use collections.
   :ref:`collection_structure`
       Directories and files included in the collection skeleton

>    `Ansible Development Tools (ADT) <https://github.com/ansible/ansible-dev-tools>`_

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
   `Ansible Development Tools (ADT) <https://github.com/ansible/ansible-dev-tools>`_
```
https://ansible.readthedocs.io/projects/dev-tools/ ?

Author: Thanks for the review, fixed it.

       Learn how to install and use collections.
   :ref:`collection_structure`
       Directories and files included in the collection skeleton
   `Ansible Development Tools (ADT) <https://github.com/ansible/ansible-dev-tools>`_

>        Python package of tools to create and test ansible content.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
       Python package of tools to create and test Ansible content.
```
